Update the rest of the registry docs (#2169)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/registry/examples/custom-arm.md

    "CAN",
  ]
aliases:

>   - "/extend/registry/examples/custom-arm/"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - "/extend/modular-resources/examples/custom-arm/"
```

### Compile the module into an executable

> To [add a module](/registry/configure/) to the configuration of your robot, you need to have an [executable](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Executable) that runs your module when executed, can take a local socket as a command line argument, and cleanly exits when sent a termination signal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To [add a module](/registry/configure/) to the configuration of your robot, you need to have an [executable](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Executable) that:
- runs your module when executed,
- takes a local socket as a command line argument, and
- cleanly exits when sent a termination signal.
```
